## User Info   

---
The user info module is one of, if not the most de-coupled modules in our project framework. For most turn based games a player would like to create a profile that stores their username and password, this is something that is more or less uniform, regardless of what type of turn-based game may be implemented. A user should also want to keep track of their game information, as it does now, with wins, losses and history. Now this part of the user information there is a little lee-way in regard to what you might want to tie to a user. For example if you were to be implementing a poker style game with our framework, you may want to keep track of something like overall winnings instead of outright wins or losses. Once again this is a very minor tweak that would have minimal effect on the features currently implemented for a user. In another case, looking at our backlog, you may want to implement a much larger multiplayer game, and in that instance you may want to have a friends list for a user. Something like this would require more work as new functionality for adding friends, removing friends, friends list info, etc. would need to be implemented. Overall, the user info module in our current framework would be adequate for any type of turn based game and the refactoring required would be minimal.  


## Session Management

---
The session management as it stands in our framework, is also quite de-coupled. The idea behind the current implementation is to simply keep track of which users are in a game(which is coupled to the game via the session_id). Regardless of what type of game object is implemented, as long as it has a parameter and attribute for a gameID, can be tied to a session and the users in the session. The current functionality in the Session class, terminate_session, add_player, remove_player, get_session_info, and get_users_in_session would require virtually no refactoring. The Session class as it stands does not require any persistence storage, and there are minimal use cases in the requests from the serverAPI module. As mentioned in our [README.md](../../README.md), the implementation of a Session is not being used, and we are managing sessions by assigning a player in a game to either "x" or "o". If we were to properly implement a Session by tracking a session via a variable in the HTML templates for different pages, this too would require minimal refactoring within the serverAPI and HTML templating modules in our framework. Any turn based game would have users playing, and tracking their unique session_ids in various HTML page would require minimal change. Once again, this module has a far reach in regard to use cases for various games and is heavily de-coupled compared to other modules.     