# Meeting Notes

## February 7th, 2024
---
**Recorded by:** Tyler Riggs  
**Notes submitted on:** Feb 7th, 2024  
**Venue:** EN-1054 
**Time:** 2:00pm-2:50pm  
**Attendance:** Sam, Tyler, Arshia, Shreyas, Mohammed

**Notes:**
Assigned individual modules for term project. General discussion on how to proceed with
each module. Made individual branches.

**Modules:**
* **Tyler:** arch_user
* **Sam:** arch_store
* **Shreyas:** arch_html 
* **Arshia:** arch_serverAPI
* **Mohammed:** arch_applogic


## February 9th, 2024
---
**Recorded by:** Tyler Riggs  
**Notes submitted on:** Feb 10th, 2024  
**Venue:** EN-1054 
**Time:** 2:00pm-2:50pm  
**Attendance:** Sam, Tyler, Shreyas, Mohammed

**Notes:**
* Arshia absent due to illness
* Brainstormed/fleshed out concepts for each members individual modules
* Decided on how to create our UML diagram. Each member responsible for own module, bring individual diagrams together when completed.
* Agreed on representing a game board using a 2D Matrix 
* Agreed to keep track of a users game history via wins/losses.

## February 12th, 2024  
---  
**Recorded by:** Sam Sheppard   
**Notes submitted on:** Feb 12th, 2024   
**Venue:** EN-1054  
**Time:** 2:00pm-2:50pm   
**Attendance:** Sam, Arshia, Shreyas, Mohammed  

**Notes:**  
* Tyler absent due to appointment  
* Discussed how to write test cases for each module  
* Discussed how each module will interact with the others   
* Individually worked on our modules and UML diagrams  


## February 16th, 2024
---
**Scrum Master:** Tyler Riggs  
**Recorded by:** Tyler Riggs  
**Notes submitted on:** Feb 10th, 2024  
**Source:** None  
**Venue:** EN-1054   
**Time:** 2:00pm-2:50pm    
**Attendance:** Sam, Tyler, Shreyas, Mohammed, Arshia  


**Notes:**  
* Adopting SCRUM meeting discussions for team meetings.
* Reviewed everyone's modules to make sure all parts of assignment completed.
* Discussed how are modules should be formatted before we each submit pull requests (directory's, files, etc.)
* Pull request deadline for assignment 0 materials is 5pm February 17th.
* Some discussion on implementing a game object class vs. just using 2D matrix in the app logic module, would be
preferable to keep as 2D Matrix for storing purposes.


## February 26th, 2024
---
**Scrum master:** Sam Sheppard  
**Recorded by:** Shreyas Soonarane  
**Notes submitted on:** Feb 26th, 2024  
**Source:** None  
**Venue:** EN-1054   
**Time:** 2:00pm-2:50pm    
**Attendance:** Sam, Shreyas, Mohammed  


**Notes:**  
* Set up Team A Project Board.  
* Agreed to keep branches from the previous assignment.  
* Assigned tasks to each present member.  
* Agreed that request deadline for assignment 2 materials is 5pm March 15th.  


## March 1st, 2024  
---  
**Scrum master:** Shreyas   
**Recorded by:** Ashfaq  
**Notes submitted on:** March 1st, 2024  
**Source:** None  
**Venue:** EN-1054   
**Time:** 2:00pm-2:50pm    
**Attendance:** Ashfaq, Sam, Shreyas, tyler, Arshia  


**Notes:**   
* Went over the feedback for the assignment 1.  
* overlooked the assignment 1 after the feedback.  
* All of us went through each others progress.  
* planned, what we have to do before the next meeting.  


## March 4th, 2024  
---  
**Scrum master:** Sam  
**Recorded by:** Tyler  
**Notes submitted on:** March 5th, 2024  
**Source:** None   
**Venue:** EN-1054    
**Time:** 2:00pm-2:50pm     
**Attendance:** Ashfaq, Sam, Tyler  


**Notes:**   
* Shreyas and Arshia absent  
* Discussed refactoring of user module and removing the implementation of "friends list" for Sprint 1  
* Scheduled a code review for everyone for Friday, March 8th  
* Scheduled performance reviews for everyone starting on Monday, March 11th  
* Reviewed Kanban board tasks and made sure everyone knows what they should be working on  
* Reminder to use the issue tracker if anything is to arise during task implementation  
* Had a mini code review for the three of us in attendance, not enough completed yet for proper feedback  


## March 6th, 2024  
---  
**Scrum master:** Tyler   
**Recorded by:** Sam  
**Notes submitted on:** March 7th, 2024   
**Source:** None    
**Venue:** EN-1054     
**Time:** 2:00pm-2:50pm      
**Attendance:** Arshia, Sam, Tyler, Shreyas, Ashfaq  


**Notes:**  
* Added some items to Kanban board  
* Discussed concerns with Dr. Brown  
* Had a code review for profile storage  
* Discussed how to manage game sessions  


## March 11th, 2024  
---  
**Scrum master:** Shreyas  
**Recorded by:** Ashfaq  
**Notes submitted on:** March 11th, 2024   
**Source:** None    
**Venue:** online conference call  
**Time:** 2:00pm-2:50pm      
**Attendance:** Arshia, Sam, Tyler, Shreyas, Ashfaq  


**Notes:**    
* Set the pull request deadline on 16th saturday by 5.00 pm.  
* We agreed to do most of our coding done by wednesday and try to work on the issues after merging.  
* Booked a meating with professor on friday.  
* Went over the sprint features again and checked how much of it has been completed?  
* Discussed how  logging into a game and player registration could be distinct.  


## March 13th, 2024  
---  
**Scrum master:** Ashfaq  
**Recorded by:** Shreyas  
**Notes submitted on:** March 13th, 2024  
**Source:** None    
**Venue:** EN-1054  
**Time:** 2:00pm-2:50pm      
**Attendance:** Sam, Tyler, Shreyas, Ashfaq  


**Notes:**    
* Arshia absent.  
* Went through code review process for database, app logic and html construction.  
* Agreed to implement some additional methods in certain modules.  
* Decided which methods are efficient and worth keeping.  
* Agreed to update unittests accordingly.  
  

## March 15th, 2024  
---  
**Scrum master:** Arshia  
**Recorded by:** Tyler  
**Notes submitted on:** March 15th, 2024  
**Source:** None    
**Venue:** Online via Discord  
**Time:** 8:30pm - 12:00am     
**Attendance:** Sam, Tyler, Shreyas, Ashfaq, Arshia  


**Notes:**   
* Everyone in attendance  
* Did a code review for database,user,server and html modules.  
* Each person shared their screen and highlighted the changes made to their respective modules.  
* All team members participated in resolving minor issues before any pull requests were completed.  
* Pushed the server api module code, not fully completed, but want a partially working webpage available for the end of sprint 1.  
* Pushed an incomplete html module update, so we could all work on it together to come up with some sort of working solution.  
* Unable to get a working solution for the html module, needs more work  
* Discussed all documentation that needs to be completed for sprint 1.  
* Discussed performance reviews.  
* Going to continue with the discord meetings for code reviews or any major issues, much more productive than just in class meetings.  
* Discussed potentially transitioning to mainly discord meetings, with a weekly meeting in class in case we have specific issues to discuss with professor.  


## March 18th, 2024  
---  
**Scrum master:** Tyler  
**Recorded by:** Sam  
**Notes submitted on:** March 18th, 2024   
**Source:** None   
**Venue:** EN-1054  
**Time:** 2:00pm-2:50pm     
**Attendance:** Sam, Tyler, Ashfaq, Arshia  


**Notes:**    
* Shreyas absent.  
* Did a code review for some html templates.  
* Discussed how to pass information from the frontend to the backend with Dr. Brown  
* Discussed potential out of class meeting later in the week  
* Discussed how to better utilise the kanban board, issues, and branches. (There is a way for all of these things to work seamlessly together)  


## March 20th, 2024  
---  
**Scrum master:** Sam  
**Recorded by:** Tyler  
**Notes submitted on:** March 20th, 2024   
**Source:** None    
**Venue:** EN-1054  
**Time:** 2:00pm-2:50pm      
**Attendance:** Sam, Tyler, Ashfaq  


**Notes:**    
* Shreyas absent and Arshia absent.  
* Did a code review for some minor quality of life changes regarding running serverAPI.py from the correct directory.  
* Had a small talk with Dr. Brown about the HTML Templating.  
* Sam, Tyler and Ashfaq have their assigned tasks mostly completed, going to work together to get working HTML Template and wrorking serverAPI modules.  


## March 21st, 2024  
---  
**Scrum master:** Arshia  
**Recorded by:** Tyler  
**Notes submitted on:** March 21th, 2024   
**Source:** None    
**Venue:** Online via Discord  
**Time:** 10:00Am-11:00Am      
**Attendance:** Sam, Tyler, Shreyas, Ashfaq, Arshia  


**Notes:**  
* Did a code review for some minor changes in the app_logic.py.  
* Making some issues which need to be addressed.   
* Thinking about how to make some features work properly.  
* Setting a time for the next meeting.   


## March 25th, 2024  
---  
**Scrum master:** shreyas  
**Recorded by:** Ashfaq  
**Notes submitted on:** March 25th, 2024   
**Source:** None    
**Venue:** Online via Discord  
**Time:** 8:00pm-9:00pm      
**Attendance:** Sam, Tyler, Shreyas, Ashfaq, Arshia  


**Notes:**  
* Did a code review for some minor changes in the app_logic.py, and major changes in serverAPI.py & html_page.py.  
* Merged multiple pull requests after thoroughly going through the code.  
* Each of  us had new stuffs to  revieww.  
* created an issue to make backlog  
* we decided to take the notification page down and have a dailog box appear instead of it.  
* we reviewed the feedback for sprint 1 and talked about it with professor in the class.  
* Setting a time for the next meeting.  


## March 29th, 2024  
---  
**Scrum master:** Ashfaq  
**Recorded by:** Tyler  
**Notes submitted on:** March 29th, 2024   
**Source:** None    
**Venue:** Online via Discord  
**Time:** 12:30pm-1:30pm     
**Attendance:** Sam, Tyler, Shreyas, Ashfaq, Arshia  


**Notes:**  
* Did 3 Code reviews for HTML, ServerAPI and User Management, all recorded in our CodeReviews doc.  
* Closed issues 95, 122 and 124 via code reviews.   
* Reviewed a draft for an email to prof regarding our sprint 1 feedback, areas were we feel we need another look.  
* Dicussed added functionality to our login page and register page, to be worked on before next meeting  
* Created some new issues for multiplayer functionality and session management.  
* Everyone to come up with a backlog entry.  
* Next meeting set for Monday, April 1st on Discord.   


## March 31st, 2024  
---  
**Scrum master:** Tyler  
**Recorded by:** Shreyas  
**Notes submitted on:** March 31st, 2024  
**Source:** None   
**Venue:** Online via Discord  
**Time:** 2:00pm-3:00pm    
**Attendance:** Sam, Tyler, Shreyas, Ashfaq, Arshia  


**Notes:**  
* Did a code review for HTML.  
* Closed issue 127 via the code review.   
* Added functionality for log in and register.  
* Log in and register options now available on the start page.  
* Fix was found to implement start_page.py to start the game for both Windows and macOs.  


## April 1st, 2024  
---  
**Scrum master:** Sam  
**Recorded by:** Ashfaq  
**Notes submitted on:** April 1st, 2024   
**Source:** None    
**Venue:** Online via Discord  
**Time:** 9:00pm-10:00pm  
**Attendance:** Sam, Tyler, Shreyas, Ashfaq, Arshia  


**Notes:**
* Did a code review in Session module completed by tyler.  
* Did a code review in store module completed by sam.  
* Did a code review in html page completed by Ashfaq.  
* Decided to have a meeting with prof on Wednesday.  
* Decided to work on having two players play from two different browsers.  
* Closed issue 129,136,120


## April 3rd, 2024  
---  
**Scrum master:** Arshia   
**Recorded by:** Tyler   
**Notes submitted on:** April 3rd, 2024   
**Source:** None    
**Venue:** EN-1054   
**Time:** 2:00pm-3:00pm    
**Attendance:** Sam, Tyler, Shreyas, Ashfaq, Arshia  


**Notes:**  
* Did a code review for load_game_page and save_game_page as well as some small one line code adjustments in app_logic.py and session.py.  
* Code review led for the need to create a new database storage function, so did not merge the PR yet. Will be done after the database function merged.  
* Met with Dr. Brown to discuss/clarify some stuff in the sprint 2 marking scheme, closing issue #140.  
* Also discussed our current implementation of session management with him. Although not sufficient for more than 2 players, Dr.Brown said its sufficient for current sprint.  
* Implementation of a proper session management for more than 2 players will be backlogged for a future sprint.  
* Set deadline for any code related PR's to be completed before our next meeting.  
* Set Online meeting for tomorrow evening to evaluate any remaining PR's and to finish delegating final documentation tasks.  
* Everyone should start working on their own documentation(Performance Reviews, UML Diagrams for individual modules, user stories).  
* Created issues: 142,143 and 144 relating to documentation required for final submission.

## April 4th, 2024  
---  
**Scrum master:** Shreyas 
**Recorded by:** Sam   
**Notes submitted on:** April 4th, 2024   
**Source:** None    
**Venue:** Online   
**Time:** 2:00pm-2:30pm    
**Attendance:** Sam, Tyler, Shreyas, Ashfaq, Arshia  


**Notes:** 
* Short meeting
* Did a code review for get_games in store.py
* Planned out how to finish up documentation
* Made plans to meet for tomorrow
* Created issues on kanban board with regards to cleaning up modules

## April 5th, 2024  
---  
**Scrum master:** Ashfaq 
**Recorded by:** Shreyas   
**Notes submitted on:** April 5th, 2024   
**Source:** None    
**Venue:** EN-1054     
**Time:** 2:00pm-2:50pm    
**Attendance:** Sam, Tyler, Shreyas, Ashfaq, Arshia  


**Notes:** 
* Did a code review for HTML module
* Did a code review for the database
* HTML module was refactored, unittests were added as well as documentation
* Database was refactored and documentation was added
* Closed issue 148, 151


## April 5th, 2024  
---  
**Scrum master:** shreyas 
**Recorded by:** Ashfaq   
**Notes submitted on:** April 5th, 2024   
**Source:** None    
**Venue:** online meeting     
**Time:** 8.30-11:30pm    
**Attendance:** Sam, Tyler, Shreyas, Ashfaq, Arshia  


**Notes:** 
* Ashfaq and tyler debugged the savegame and loadgame featue, but we decided not to merge it to the branch as it might effect alot on other modules testcases and uml diagram.
* Went over the rubrics couple of times and made sure we didn't miss anything.
* Closed many issues  that was completed.
* Made a whole video of playing the game.

